README.md, before:

# Daniela Andrade site
User Centric Frontend Development Milestone Project.

A modern-responsive website for Daniela Andrade,singer, songwriter and youtube singer sensation. A website to show the world about her singing talent, her youtube videos and link to purchase her music. 

(Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.)
 
## UX

### The client
The client want to create a website, to promote her music, reach more people to know her music. People can watch her youtube video and  listen to her music on spotify and hopefully will purchase her music via Amazon. Also the client wants people to sign-up and provide email address to get in-touch for upcoming news or events.  The client also want a simple, modern and response website for different size of screens. And provide links to her social media websites.

### Wireframes

--------
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.


## Features
This is single-page website. And each section will have different features and layouts. To add dynamic of the site, the background of each sections will alternate dark and light background. Also the paragraph will alternate left-aligned and right-aligned (except for mobile, see below [Mobile vs Desktop](#Mobile-vs-Desktop-Layout) layout)

### HOME section
The home section will have a video background. To reduce the data-usage for mobile users, static background will be used instead. The 'Daniela Andrade' text and profile image will be on the left side (about 1/3 of the page width). There is catchy 'typewriter-animation' effect.  Also there are links to the client's social media websites. Since this home secton will cover 100% of the viewport height, there is small arrow pointing down to indicate there's more content below. Clicking the down-arrow will bring to the About section 

### ABOUT section
The about section will have darker background and the content will be right-aligned. The background image will be on the left side. There is a gradient overlay on top of the background image. The purpose of the dark-overlay is to make the text easier to read 

### 
### Mobile vs Desktop Layout
There are few differences between mobile and desktop, described as follow:

|                |Mobile                          |Desktop                     |
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Navigation bar | navigation-bar menu will collapse to 'hamburger menu'|normal navigation-bar menu on the right side|
|HOME section|will show static background. The text will be center-aligned | will have video background, the text will be left-aligned |
|   | Profile icon will be a bit smaller | Profile icon will a bit bigger |
|ABOUT section | The background image will be less visible. | Background image will be on the left side and content will be on the right side|
|   | Text header and paragraph will be left-aligned | Text header and paragraph will be left-aligned |
|   | Content is shorter (only 2 paragraph) | Content will be longer, 3 paragraph (Tablet) and 4 paragraph (Desktop)
| CONTACT section | The background image will be less visible | Background image will be on the right side and the form will be on the left side. 


In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In order to create modern and responsive website, these are technologies will be used:
- HTML
- CSS
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - to style the website fonts.
- [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - to simplify responsive layout for various screen sizes
- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - to add Bootstrap form validation and scroll-spy functionality
- [Fontawesome](https://fontawesome.com/):
    - for all the icons
- [gauger.io](https://gauger.io/fonticon/):
    - for converting fontawesome icons to .ico file (used as fave-icon)
- [TypedJs](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/)
    - to display typewriter effect in the page header
- [YouTube](http://youtube.com)
    - use youtube iFrame to embed video in the carousel

## Testing
The website had been tested to multiple devices and multiple browsers:
- iOS smartphones and tablet (Safari Browser)
- Android smartphones and table (Firefox, Chrome and Opera browsers)
- Desktop (Firefox, Chrome and Opera browsers with mobile and deskop layout)

Also run the audit within Chrome DevTools to checkPerformance, Accessibility, Best Practices and SEO of the  website.

### Navigation tests
- Click the Brand (mic icon & Artist's Name on the top left) and the 'Home' button in the main navigation bar will scroll the page up to the beginning.
- Click 'About' button will scroll the page to the About page
- Click 'Music' button will scroll the page to the Music page
- Click 'Video' button will scroll the page to the Video carousel page
- Click 'Contact' button will scroll the page to the Contact Form page

#### Music Page tests
- Under Album, Singles and EPs section, click the album artworks will open Amazon website for that particular album/single in new tab
- Under Top Songs section, click the play button will play the audio clip for few seconds.

#### Video Page tests
- Click the left & right arrows in the carousel will show previous and next video.
- Click the play button in the center of the image will play the video
- Click the indicators will go slide the carousel to the correct carousel item (1st indicator will slide to 1st item, 2nd indicator to 2nd item and so on)

### Contact Page tests
The form is not functioning since there is no back-end script to handle the request. It is out of the scope of this project. But the basic form validation (with Javascript) should work as follows: 
- Submitting the empty form will show error messages in red about the required fields
- Submitting the form with an invalid or empty name or email address or message will show a relevant error messages in red.
- Submitting the form with all valid inputs will do nothing. It will show the valid messageg in green and the page might just reload. 


## Deployment
This is a static website. No server configuration required on your hosting server.
- To deploy this project, go to my github page: https://github.com/manuhal/milestone-01
- Click the 'Clone or Download' button. And you copy the link and clone it to your folder on your desktop (with git-clone), for example:

    `git clone git@github.com:<USERNAME>/<REPOSITORY-NAME>`

- Or you can download the zip file and unzip it to your desktop
- User FTP program/app (eg: [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/)) and upload the folder to your web hosting of your choice. 
- If you want to preview this website locally on your machine, simply open the index.html file with your web browser.

## Credits

### Content
- The text for section About was partially copied from https://heightline.com/daniela-andrade-age-wiki-ethnicity/


### Media
The imagges used in this site were obtained from:
- https://www.pexels.com/
- https://www.discogs.com/artist/4436499-Daniela-Andrade
- https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2vPHIqjFdpPVMa2PGwJuYg
- https://www.amazon.com/Daniela-Andrade/e/B01DE1K6O6

### Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from:
- https://themes.getbootstrap.com/
- https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html

Commit message:

music section: use spotify iframe instead mp3 audio & add CSS

README.md, after:

# Daniela Andrade site
User Centric Frontend Development Milestone Project.

A modern-responsive website for Daniela Andrade,singer, songwriter and youtube singer sensation. A website to show the world about her singing talent, her youtube videos and link to purchase her music. 

(Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.)
 
## UX

### The client
The client want to create a website, to promote her music, reach more people to know her music. People can watch her youtube video and  listen to her music on spotify and hopefully will purchase her music via Amazon. Also the client wants people to sign-up and provide email address to get in-touch for upcoming news or events.  The client also want a simple, modern and response website for different size of screens. And provide links to her social media websites.

### Wireframes

--------
Use this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.


## Features
This is single-page website. And each section will have different features and layouts. To add dynamic of the site, the background of each sections will alternate dark and light background. Also the paragraph will alternate left-aligned and right-aligned (except for mobile, see below [Mobile vs Desktop](#Mobile-vs-Desktop-Layout) layout)

### HOME section
The home section will have a video background. To reduce the data-usage for mobile users, static background will be used instead. The 'Daniela Andrade' text and profile image will be on the left side (about 1/3 of the page width). There is catchy 'typewriter-animation' effect.  Also there are links to the client's social media websites. Since this home secton will cover 100% of the viewport height, there is small arrow pointing down to indicate there's more content below. Clicking the down-arrow will bring to the About section 

### ABOUT section
The about section will have darker background and the content will be right-aligned. The background image will be on the left side. There is a gradient overlay on top of the background image. The purpose of the dark-overlay is to make the text easier to read 

### MUSIC section
This section will use Bootstrap's card and media components. 


### Mobile vs Desktop Layout
There are few differences between mobile and desktop, described as follow:

|                |Mobile                          |Desktop                     |
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Navigation bar | navigation-bar menu will collapse to 'hamburger menu'|normal navigation-bar menu on the right side|
|HOME section|will show static background. The text will be center-aligned | will have video background, the text will be left-aligned |
|   | Profile icon will be a bit smaller | Profile icon will a bit bigger |
|ABOUT section | The background image will be less visible. | Background image will be on the left side and content will be on the right side|
|   | Text header and paragraph will be left-aligned | Text header and paragraph will be left-aligned |
|   | Content is shorter (only 2 paragraph) | Content will be longer, 3 paragraph (Tablet) and 4 paragraph (Desktop)
| CONTACT section | The background image will be less visible | Background image will be on the right side and the form will be on the left side. 


In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

For some/all of your features, you may choose to reference the specific project files that implement them, although this is entirely optional.

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In order to create modern and responsive website, these are technologies will be used:
- HTML
- CSS
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
    - to style the website fonts.
- [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - to simplify responsive layout for various screen sizes
- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - to add Bootstrap form validation and scroll-spy functionality
- [Fontawesome](https://fontawesome.com/):
    - for all the icons
- [gauger.io](https://gauger.io/fonticon/):
    - for converting fontawesome icons to .ico file (used as fave-icon)
- [TypedJs](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/)
    - to display typewriter effect in the page header
- [YouTube](http://youtube.com)
    - use youtube iFrame to embed video in the carousel

## Testing
The website had been tested to multiple devices and multiple browsers:
- iOS smartphones and tablet (Safari Browser)
- Android smartphones and table (Firefox, Chrome and Opera browsers)
- Desktop (Firefox, Chrome and Opera browsers with mobile and deskop layout)

Also run the audit within Chrome DevTools to checkPerformance, Accessibility, Best Practices and SEO of the  website.

### Navigation tests
- Click the Brand (mic icon & Artist's Name on the top left) and the 'Home' button in the main navigation bar will scroll the page up to the beginning.
- Click 'About' button will scroll the page to the About page
- Click 'Music' button will scroll the page to the Music page
- Click 'Video' button will scroll the page to the Video carousel page
- Click 'Contact' button will scroll the page to the Contact Form page

#### Music Page tests
- Under Album, Singles and EPs section, click the album artworks will open Amazon website for that particular album/single in new tab
- Under Top Songs section, click the play button will play the audio clip for few seconds.

#### Video Page tests
- Click the left & right arrows in the carousel will show previous and next video.
- Click the play button in the center of the image will play the video
- Click the indicators will go slide the carousel to the correct carousel item (1st indicator will slide to 1st item, 2nd indicator to 2nd item and so on)

### Contact Page tests
The form is not functioning since there is no back-end script to handle the request. It is out of the scope of this project. But the basic form validation (with Javascript) should work as follows: 
- Submitting the empty form will show error messages in red about the required fields
- Submitting the form with an invalid or empty name or email address or message will show a relevant error messages in red.
- Submitting the form with all valid inputs will do nothing. It will show the valid messageg in green and the page might just reload. 


## Deployment
This is a static website. No server configuration required on your hosting server.
- To deploy this project, go to my github page: https://github.com/manuhal/milestone-01
- Click the 'Clone or Download' button. And you copy the link and clone it to your folder on your desktop (with git-clone), for example:

    `git clone git@github.com:<USERNAME>/<REPOSITORY-NAME>`

- Or you can download the zip file and unzip it to your desktop
- User FTP program/app (eg: [FileZilla](https://filezilla-project.org/)) and upload the folder to your web hosting of your choice. 
- If you want to preview this website locally on your machine, simply open the index.html file with your web browser.

## Credits

### Content
- The text for section About was partially copied from https://heightline.com/daniela-andrade-age-wiki-ethnicity/


### Media
The imagges used in this site were obtained from:
- https://www.pexels.com/
- https://www.discogs.com/artist/4436499-Daniela-Andrade
- https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2vPHIqjFdpPVMa2PGwJuYg
- https://www.amazon.com/Daniela-Andrade/e/B01DE1K6O6

### Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for this project from:
- https://themes.getbootstrap.com/
- https://www.adobe.com/products/xd.html
